Modify rule S1081: Change text to education framework format (APPSEC-1210) (#3341)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1081/rationale.adoc

> An attacker typically provides input that exceeds the expected size. This could be through a text field in a user interface, a file that the program reads, or data sent over a network. The insecure function then processes this oversized input, leading to unexpected behavior.

Reviewer: The start of this is good, but the second sentence lacks clarity. It just says that the input is processed and bad things happen, without saying why those bad things happen.

The following paragraph talks about buffers, so I would like to see something in this paragraph that explains where the buffers fit in.

I would also like to see some mention of this being a buffer overflow vulnerability, because buffer overflows are something that people have heard about and are known to be bad.

```suggestion
An attacker typically provides input that exceeds the expected size. This could be through a text field in a user interface, a file that the program reads, or data sent over a network. The insecure function processes this input and places the result into a provided buffer.

If the input is larger than the buffer can handle, the insecure function will overwrite the memory following the buffer. This situation is known as a buffer overflow vulnerability.
```
